hey guys welcome to prozis desert spa in
this tutorial I'll be showing you how to
make a cookie log of Captain America
shield topping a button and standing mix
then gradually add in your sugar and
beat until pale and creamy add in some
vanilla extract and 1 egg lastly add in
your dry ingredients and if you like a
touch of cinnamon as well
infinite milk I'm gonna come together
divide your dough into three equal parts
we'll leave one white and color the
other two I'm using my America gel food
colors
then wrap each round in cling film make
sure to press it down firmly to a disc
shape and set in the fridge for about 20
minutes
if it's a bit hard no help to soften it
out you'd have to roll it out - you can
I'd say about half a centimeter even a
centimeter will do
once all has been cut out start stacking
them on to each other so I've got my
first one I'm adding a little bit of egg
white stack it on top line up all the
corners and just continue
when it's - told to stand up - slit on
its side and just continue like
once you've adhered all the stars
together put into the freezer and leave
it for about 20 minutes and then we'll
move on to the next step roll out your
navy blue disc I'm using a bench scraper
and I'm going to cut cut moving in
diagonally then move it up on the other
side got a centimeter in width just like
this it's like kind of like a triangle
and you'll want to make five of those
take your red and also roll it out so
that one centimeter thickness and cut
out a rectangular shape take some of
your egg wash and just paint the whole
side of the stars
particularly triangular pieces that you
cut out before and line it up with the
inside of those stars and press it in
turn around
and peep going for the rest precedence
that takes a form of the stars and
because it's been in the freezer it
won't lose shape as you pressing once it
press those all in just give it a roll
until all those sides connect when
you're happy with that trim off all the
excess on that place decent amount of
egg wash onto the red rectangle that we
cut out before place your blue cookie on
top and just roll it let him meet up on
the other side once you're seen this
disappeared you can stop rolling again
put on some of that egg wash and then
roll it over that one again
once you get to the bottom man can trim
it off and just connect the seam
once you happy with that you can put it
onto a tray and into the fridge for
another half an hour so I've taken it
out of the freezer and I'm going to use
a very sharp knife and kind of soar
through cooking much better and just
continue cutting away
place them onto a tray and then pop them
into the freezer for 15 minutes before
we bake them off pick your cookies at
180 degrees for about eight to nine
minutes alie used to cool completely and
then store them in an airtight container
for about a week or so and that's how
it's done thank you guys for watching I
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and give
it a try and I will see you really soon